[gunshot]
[cries]
[Harper] It's time to go home now.
The chopper is just a phone call away.
[Emily] If we leave him here. he'll die.
We have to get him home.
[chuckles]
[Chase] Something happened between them.
I don't know what it is or what it means.
But if we were to leave him up there
to die. we'll have lost her forever.
[Tarik] Have you ever heard
of a man named Morgan Bote?
He is the one who was behind
the deal to deliver Dan Chase.
He's frozen all our assets
and means to see us ruined over it.
Farouk!
- [grunts]
- [people clamoring]
- [people shouting]
- [both gasping]
You can't evac us if we're dead!
I'm on the hook for this. Just do it!
You understand?
[Omar] Would you like
to tell me who you are?
[Emily] My name is Parwana Hamzad.
[gunshot]
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-
[Tarik. in Dari]
This was not our choice. but...
[scoffs]
But I'm reporting it to you now.
Respectfully. we tried to prevent this.
[groaning]
[Tarik] Yes. I understand...
[Faraz straining. groaning]
[Tarik speaking Dari]
I don't believe the man who provoked
all of this truly spoke for you.
We can bury this in the past.
and focus on a better...
Hello?
- [sighs]
- [phone beeps]
[Faraz groans]
They would not let me speak
with the minister directly.
[groans]
[in Dari] Where is Parwana?
Bring her in.
[panting]
Were it not for her...
I would be in a prison cell right now.
Or worse.
I was ready to accept that.
Perhaps you were too.
But she was not.
Go get her. please.
Go.
[breathing heavily]
I told her to wait in the other room.
[Amina. in Dari]
He wouldn't leave the room.
We all tried.
Then she walked in. and...
[in English] Parwana.
Your father wants you.
- [grunts]
- [Tarik] Now that we are all here...
I think we have 72 hours.
Anyone who's still here by then is dead.
- [soldier] You said this before.
- [Harper] I did not.
- [soldier] You said this before!
- [Harper] No. I did not!
I-I said we had ten minutes.
That was five minutes ago.
We have five minutes left
before this chopper goes anywhere.
[soldier speaking Uzbek]
[Harper] I've been asking
for five more minutes for an hour.
[sighs]
Are we okay to get left behind
if he up and splits?
She knows they won't wait long.
She'll be here.
[sighs] She was on a raid a few years in.
There was an exchange of gunfire.
In the postmortem. they ID'd a round in
some guy's head that came from her weapon.
- She went through all the counseling...
- [sighs]
...handled it well...
W-Why are you telling me this?
In case you were worried.
Isn't her first time dealing with this.
Taking a life.
No. they're not all the same.
[Harper] She's here.
[Emily] He just lost his mother.
I think I'm helping. I don't really know.
He doesn't speak any English.
- so you don't have to worry.
- No. no. That's okay.
[Emily] Listen. time is really tight.
In a couple of days.
the army is gonna return
and they're gonna
burn this place to the ground.
These people have been holding
the government away with their money.
- Em...
- And the money dried up on them overnight.
- Em. you can't stay here.
- I have to stay.
[stammers] Why would you have to?
Because the person who made
their money dry up is Morgan Bote.
Bote only grabbed me to get
you to surrender yourself.
When I was taken instead of you.
Bote got angry.
He's managed to freeze all their assets.
It's made them vulnerable
in a time they really can't afford to be.
This place won't survive what comes next.
And I need you to fix it.
Fix it? Fix what? How?
Get them off the sanctions list.
Persuade Morgan Bote to calm the fuck down
before a lot of innocent people
get hurt here.
He's not someone who gets persuaded.
And when he's angry. he's definitely
not someone anyone can calm the fuck down.
Each of you has told me
what he was to you.
- What you were to him.
- Em. that was a very. very long time ago.
Great. Then. it'll definitely
get his attention
when both of you walk through his door
together after all this time...
No. You don't have any idea
what you're asking for.
I know how this looks.
Believe me.
I know.
But I am still who you think I am.
To you. And to you.
But I cannot just leave
these people here to die
because of a problem that
followed me in through the door.
I just can't.
And I can't imagine that either
of you would recognize me if I did.
I told them you could do it.
I told them you would do it
because I asked you to do it.
And I wouldn't recognize
either of you if you refused.
I trust you.
And I love you.
Please hurry.
[sighs]
[helicopter whirring]
Wait here.
[Harper grunts]
What did you mean.
"They're not all the same?"
I mean. I know what you meant.
But what did you mean?
Uh. When you put blood
on the ground like that.
you know. not to protect something.
not to avenge someone.
not because it's your job
to do it or by accident.
But when you do it to show somebody you
love them. there's no going back from it.
Trust me.
You think that's what you saw back there?
The clothes. the kid.
Do you think it happened to her that fast?
I don't know what we saw back there. but
I think some part of her is probably gone.
And some part is just being born.
What's the net result of all that?
[grunts. sighs]
Hard to know how to mourn someone
and meet them all at the same time.
No. I don't know.
I think a person can change a whole lot
without it being catastrophic.
As long as there's no one
making them feel like it has to be.
[plane approaching]
[sighs] Come on. This is our ride.
Not that one.
This one.
[sighs]
"Take care of the transpo. Harold.
Make sure it's reliable. Harold."
Well. there it is.
You're welcome.
They're in the air.
[Faraz breathing heavily]
Will they do what you ask?
Can they do what you ask?
Yes. to both.
[sighs. chuckles]
I'm told you have been seeing to Farouk.
[chuckles] He's a sweet boy.
I don't know why.
but it seems to be keeping him calm.
- [Faraz] Huh.
- Being around me.
Why? [chuckles]
Lately "why" seems like
the strangest question to ask.
What "why" could possibly
explain what we have done?
At any rate.
plans are being formed as we speak.
Some will remain to defend our own.
Some will be evacuated elsewhere
in the valley where they will be safe.
Please don't tell me
it's too dangerous for me here.
that I don't belong here.
No.
You... You belong.
You belong.
There's no need to say more about that.
But I'm going to ask you to leave.
- But you just said...
- There are other kinds of help I need.
Other fights that need fighting.
Other places that need support. I...
I... I need you to go back to the beginning.
Hey.
We haven't really properly met.
I'm Tarik.
Parwana.
Among other things.
What did he say to you?
He told me to find you.
And to go back to the States with you.
To help handle the business.
He's trying to get you out of here
before it gets bad.
Yeah.
He cares about you.
Then maybe you could help me convince him.
To let me save his life.
This fucking sucks.
What?
You fucking heard me.
[Harper chuckles]
You spent too much time
pretending to be a rich person.
Well. I don't recall pretending.
And I never spent more than one or two
weeks a year as Henry Dixon.
Dan Chase flew coach. This ain't coach.
And you got rich spending
50 weeks a year not even trying?
Well. more or less. yeah.
- How?
- [chuckles]
[chuckles] Go on. how?
Not working for the government
was a good start. [chuckles]
[sighs] We should talk about the thing
we don't wanna talk about.
- What's that?
- A plan.
When we get to the Old Man's house.
I'm gonna do the talking.
- Okay.
- I'm not kidding.
Why would I think you were?
I don't know that he'll listen to me.
but I know for a fact
he isn't gonna listen to you.
Mm-hmm. Yeah.
- This one is too important...
- [chuckles]
...to let it get all wrapped up in
the layers of stuff between him and you.
Yeah.
We both know there'll be
no forcing him into this.
And I don't buy for a second
that he's doing this because he's
cranky about being double-crossed.
There's got to be more to it than that.
[breathes deeply] We gotta be really
careful about how we play this.
I'll give that some thought.
What's the matter with you?
What's the matter with me how?
You're planning on just
beating this out of him. aren't you?
[seat belt rattles]
I don't know if it's safe
to take that off.
[sighs] Fucking piece of shit.
You seem very angry.
I seem...
When were you planning
to tell me that you...
[sighs]
You cannot be dumb enough
to think that you're... you're...
I'd be happy to answer any of these.
You might just have to finish one first.
Torturing him is not an option!
- Why not?
- Because he's about a hundred years old.
Because it won't work.
Because I'm confident I know which
one of us will end up in jail over this.
You don't really think you have any
chance of talking him into it. do you?
- Yes! Yes. I really do think that.
- Well. I don't.
And we promised Emily that we would
do whatever it took to get it done.
I don't remember promising her
anything that you're talking about.
Then we were participating
in different conversations
because I am certain that that is
exactly what she said.
I speak the same English you do.
I heard what she said.
You are not doing anything
when we get there
except stand there. nodding supportively
while I talk him into this!
- Harold.
- What?
I'd talk fast.
So. how do you wanna do this?
What do you mean how we're... [sighs]
I'm gonna ring the doorbell.
he's gonna let us in.
Oh. is he?
You might think about smiling...
- [phone vibrating]
- ...or something when he opens the door.
[denies call]
- Marion?
- Yeah.
That's the third time she's called
and you've ignored her.
It's the fifth time.
And I'm ignoring it because
ignoring some things makes them go away.
- Well. didn't work with you.
- [Harper sighs]
[sighs]
[piano music playing in distance]
[butler] This way please.
I don't know how much you know.
A fair amount.
[Harper] We were on the ground
in the Panjshir.
And things changed.
His kid. she's not a hostage anymore.
Something happened there. and she's
connected with Hamzad and his family.
[Bote] I know that too.
At least. now I know that.
Might have been helpful
if someone had told me a long time ago
she wasn't his kid at all.
and maybe we wouldn't be in this mess.
This woman is in mortal danger.
Hamzad's assets have been frozen. which
has made everyone around him vulnerable.
It's gonna get a lot of them killed.
We came to ask you to reconsider.
No.
Why not?
Because neither of you
understand what you're asking for
or why it's dangerous
or who it might hurt.
You have no idea what story you're in.
And the thought hasn't even once
crossed your minds. Jesus.
- "Maybe we should ask."
- We have no time for this.
You're angry.
You're looking to make a point.
- [Bote] I'm angry?
- [Harper] No. Wait a minute.
I'm not the one who
breaks things when I'm angry.
[Harper] Stop this!
What did you mean when you said
we don't know what story we're in?
[dogs barking]
[speaking German]
Absolutely no fucking idea
what you're into or who it might hurt.
You brought her into this.
[Bote] No. You brought her into this.
I'm trying to get us all out.
Hi.
[Tarik] I wasn't much older than he is now
when I was first
sent to school in the States.
The story I was always told
by the adults was that I was bright enough
to need more. to do more. to be more.
But I heard stories over the years
that my uncle couldn't stand
the sound of my voice. my laughter.
Too close to the sound of yours.
Needless to say. this was not
an easy thing to carry around for me
when I look like him.
But the absurdity of it all gave
me the room
to find my own reason for being there.
And I did.
And what's that?
To get everyone out of here.
I don't understand what you mean.
Who's everyone?
My mother. my uncle.
my cousins. my family.
Yeah.
Well. I don't think they wanna leave.
Have you asked them?
Not explicitly.
I have. A thousand times.
Explained to them how it would work.
where we'd go. what would be better.
But I think maybe today they'd hear
it differently given the current situation
and given that it was coming from you.
They wouldn't listen to me.
What do you want to bet me they would?
[sighs] I'm not even sure I'd wanna be
making that kind of argument.
There are roots here.
And just because you don't see them.
doesn't mean they're not doing anything.
He took you to the cemetery. didn't he?
How many of the men and women
in that cemetery
do you think would have chosen
to stay here if the alternative was
comfort and security
and peace someplace else?
I bet you some would.
and I'll bet you not all.
I would bet you my life. not all of them.
You're talking to the wrong person.
I am talking to the only person
they might listen to.
You shouldn't underestimate
what you are to them.
No. I mean. I had all those
things that you're talking about.
Comfort...
and security...
and I drowned in it.
- Apples and oranges.
- Why is that?
You were lied to.
Every day.
Explicitly. and by omission
and every way in between.
You were the victim
of a carefully orchestrated fraud.
I'm sorry. but you were.
The comfort and security weren't
the problem.
They were just insufficient distractions.
That's not this.
This is a family moving together
someplace where they don't have
to worry whether their daughters
are allowed to do math.
And their sons...
their sons have a little more room
to do more. to be more.
I love my family. all of them.
back to the last stone under the tree.
But it's hard for me to stand here
without hearing them all screaming at me.
"What on earth are you still doing here?"
Please
help me save them.
It's late and it won't be easy.
- but it's the right thing to...
- [door opens]
[Khadija gasps]
What?
[baby crying in distance]
My brother is gone.
[gasps]
I came home from Morocco. like you said.
Picked up the guys. like you said.
Tried to. uh. forget everything.
go back to real life.
But that kinda didn't take.
I wanted to help. so I called Nina Kruger.
You call Faraz Hamzad's lawyer?
[stammers] What did you say to her?
I thought maybe I could convince her
to work on Hamzad to let you and Emily go.
but. uh. that would have required
her answering my calls.
Finally. I did get a callback.
just not from her.
It was from him.
I was watching. and I saw someone
appear on the board I was not expecting.
It isn't often I find people
who truly surprise me.
She did.
Why were you watching Hamzad's lawyer?
What are we missing here?
We know about the Meshbahar deposits.
That's where Hamzad's leverage
was coming from. right?
The money that was gonna generate?
Money? You can make money anywhere.
If you wanna have access to microchips.
if you wanna run things on batteries.
if you wanna participate in civilization...
Whomever controls that deposit is
going to have a say about it.
We need it.
We had it until I learned another
party was secretly angling
to steal it out from under us.
Who?
You pulled her into this.
You threw her in the trunk of a car.
You gave her a new name and new clothes
and you took her to a party in Morocco
so you could attempt to influence...
Pavlovich. No.
...Suleyman Pavlovich.
[Chase] You've got this wrong.
Faraz Hamzad is not side-dealing
with a Russian.
And if he were.
it definitely wouldn't be that Russian.
I'm relieved you think so.
[phone vibrating]
[Bote] Oh. Speak of the devil.
You can do it.
[vibrating continues]
[Zoe] Hello.
Uh. yes. Yes. I'm so glad you called.
Who is she talking to?
Hamzad's lawyer.
It's unthinkable that a Russian thug would
be allowed to win control
of something so important
to this country's future.
The lawyer is the key right now
to understanding how we can stop him.
And right now. the lawyer seems
to be most willing
to talk to your girlfriend.
What did she say?
She offered to continue the conversation
over lunch next week.
That's good. right?
[Bote] That's very good.
She wants to tell you something
she won't say over the phone.
[Harper] Next week?
This won't hold until next week.
[Bote] I understand.
If you're wrong.
people are gonna die because of it.
If I'm right. it'd be far worse.
[breathing heavily]
[Chase] I told you.
[Bote] What?
When I asked you to help Emily
get into the FBI. I told you
she was Hamzad's daughter.
You did not do that.
I was putting her life in your hands.
Do you really think I would do that
and leave something out
that would put her in danger?
I said she didn't need to be your
granddaughter for you to wanna help her
any more than she needed
to be my daughter for me to ask.
I thought. short of spelling it out.
that was pretty fucking clear
under the circumstances.
I understand what you're saying.
I understand the important things.
You can say what you want about me.
Both of you.
You can say whatever you want about me.
But I always understood
the important things. you know that.
I fought for them when you told me to.
But if your kid can't count on you.
what good is any of that?
Look. I know you can't cave.
But there must be some other way
that you can help bail
these people out. even temporarily.
And if you tell me there is no other way.
I know that's because
you're not trying to find it.
[breathing heavily]
Don't... Don't do this
because you're pissed at me.
Don't you do it.
Come back tomorrow.
I'm tired.
You still want to talk about it
in the morning.
maybe I'll have a better answer.
- You're not walking out of here.
- Wait. Wait.
- Get out of my way.
- [dogs growling]
Just step outside with me
for a minute. Please.
[Chase breathing heavily]
He's not wrong.
You don't break things when you're angry?
Everyone breaks things when they're angry.
If you won't even try to help.
it's because you want us to know
that you don't have to.
What I want.
You never understood the difference
between what we want and what we owe.
It's why this profession was always
too much for you.
And if you didn't want me to be angry.
you would've left him outside on the curb.
but you just couldn't help
yourself. could you?
[footsteps receding]
Hi.
Zoe.
I appreciate you trying to help.
but you don't belong in this.
Please don't get involved.
I don't belong in this.
- Okay.
- Today is not the day for this. I promise.
I need you to go.
I'm not going anywhere until he gives me
what I need from him.
He's not gonna do that.
Mm-hmm? You wanna bet?
He's not gonna give you what you need
for the same reason that you won't leave.
but he'll give it to me.
You got him there. He wants to help.
He just doesn't want to be
looking at your face when he does it.
He and I have been getting along.
I... I like him.
I think he's a very sweet man.
Oh. boy. Zoe.
To me. he's been a very sweet man.
And whatever he used to do. it can't
be any worse than what you used to do.
And I got over that.
And as hard as it is to believe
from what I just saw in there.
I think he really misses you.
[sighs]
[Zoe] Go get a cup of coffee. Read a book.
Trust me.
I can get this done.
[Khadija] He didn't want anyone to know.
He did not want his last words with...
either of you...
to be goodbye.
[Khadija sniffles]
Parwana.
[sniffles] I'll stay till the morning.
To be here for the burial.
I don't know that I could
stay much longer than that.
That's what he wanted.
You will have a choice to make.
To stay
or go.
I have to tell you something.
I told you he was shot by a sentry
out in the hills...
but that's not what happened.
- He was shot by...
- We know.
- How do you know...
No one else will.
You will choose to stay or go.
But your father did not want you
to feel that this was a place...
where you might be blamed for any of it.
Your father was shot by a Taliban soldier
while defending you. [breathes shakily]
[Emily sniffles]
You are what he gave his life for.
As for the two Americans you brought here.
well.
they are in the United States now.
working on your orders
to diffuse the threat we face.
That is what you have done for us.
[Khadija sniffles]
[breathes heavily]
[sighs]
[scoffs. inhales deeply]
[panting. whines]
Thanks for standing up for me.
And you. Really?
Sorry guys. I gotta go talk to him.
And I think if we're being honest.
he doesn't love having you in the rooms
- with the nice rugs. so...
- [dogs whine]
You'll stay in here.
[sighs] All right.
[Zoe sighs]
Well. you were right.
The moment you two
were breathing the same air.
I would see a different side of you.
It'd be nice to be wrong
every now and then.
but wishful thinking is
an unflattering quality in an old man.
Well. not if it's a good wish.
You're gonna ask me to help them.
I sure am.
Why?
Because I think you can.
And because I think you want to.
You should be careful around men like me.
If you think you can tell those kinds
of things about us.
it's almost always because we want you to.
God.
you sound exactly like him.
[dogs barking]
- [door rattling]
- [footsteps approaching]
[gunshot]
[Bote whispers] Get down!
[Zoe panting]
[typing continues]
- [gunshot]
- [gasps]
[breathing shakily]
[shutter clicks]
- [Chase speaks German]
- [dogs barking]
- [gunshots]
- [glass shattering]
- [gunman grunting. screaming]
- [dogs snarling]
Zoe. you okay?
[Zoe] Yeah. Yeah.
Is... What just happened?
Who was that?
Yeah. I think whatever the two
of you were after.
you got a lot closer than Pavlovich liked.
This is just the beginning of that.
[panting]
The bigger problem is that Emily's
lifeline is dead on the ground over there.
[helicopter whirring]
[people chattering in Russian]
[Pavlovich in Russian]
It's very hard to believe.
That he has come to an end.
[clicks tongue. chuckles]
Hard to understand what the world will be
now that he is no longer...
What about the other two?
The actual targets?
[in Russian]
My team has not reported back yet.
I am still trying to reach them.
When you do.
find out how they plan
to finish their job.
Certainly.
There is too much at stake...
To risk loose ends.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm